hi hello killion i hope you are
pretty good and good we are in a
new video was going to be the start as a
kind of miniseries to say it some
way where I will bring you a few
motors that how will the 0.12 point come out
zero they are going to do some ways what
whose characteristics are already going to
add to this new version and then more
that nothing like to be prepared for
when the new version comes out and that
take us by surprise so nothing
I hope you like it and good in this
case I wanted to start with this mode that I
love it too much that it's about the
hunger bar can see that a part
of the right hair because there is the
hunger bar very cool and these
molds created by before and is that I do not
wrong if you can not transform the
download are the description as
as long as we are very cool
because good as its name says and
as you can see, it's about the
hunger bar every time we
We can drink and have our bar
and while going past the
time will be decreasing so
good suit that some food so that
see how it works so it's
suppose that if we eat here they can see
that a thigh was filled in the part of
up like it hurts me but good
in fact it does not hurt is only a
small bug effect
who is in this in this mode and good
here right now I eat a raw
it only cured me and I like a
carrot is supposed to owe me ok
here I'm cured what are the hearts of
suddenly and heal a little but good
well here I'm supposed to be
to fill
what is the bar of hunger I tell you
suddenly without means of volley is a is
somewhat strange we are going to make us a
little damage so he can leave us
keep eating since we must also
to have a few hearts to be able
eating also exposes that if we eat
of this we would swear but rather it
would raise the bar but in this case
it seems that it is not going up
I tell them sometimes it gets to vulgar but
In general I think I have bad luck
every time I get to record this mode
because I had previously recorded it
that new one is like this is the case
but I tell you in general it works well
only that I have bad luck so
nothing in itself that would be all for part of
this mode and I tell them the download is in
the description must be connected to
internet to download some
images that would be of these of the
exactly thighs but I tell them in
general works pretty well here and
I tell them when you also change to a
food like that makes you a little bit of
damage look here from top it all went up
I tell them is suddenly a little
strange and also when we have everything
full
that it would not be long before the
heart the half heart that we lack
is supposed but I tell you right now it's
strange size if you are supporting a little
so nothing I hope you liked
and also that you like this kind of
as a miniseries and heading towards 0.12 that
I will be bringing the mods that bring the
characteristics that will bring
defect of our minecraft and the
minecraft of the windows days version
so nothing I hope you liked
and see you in a next video up
then